[ascon] add VARIANT field to support Ascon-128 and Ascon-128a (#22537)
lowRISC/opentitan: hw/ip/ascon/doc/registers.md

Controls whether the Ascon unit uses the key provided by the key manager via key sideload interface (1)
or the key provided by software via Initial Key Registers KEY_SHARE1 and KEY_SHARE_0 (0).

### CTRL_SHADOWED . ASCON_VARIANT
Specifies which variant of Ascon is used.
It can be either Ascon-128 (2'b01) or Ascon-128a (2'b10).

> They only differ in the input blocksize and the number of permutations per round.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They only differ in the input block size and the number of permutations per round.
```
blocksize vs block size. I think we should stick to one notion throughout this document.

Author: thx @nasahlpa I've changed the hjson file and regenerated the markdown file.

> The size of the key, nonce, tag ist 128 bit for both of them.

Reviewer 2: As above, suggest:
"The size of the key, nonce, tag is 128 bits for both variants."
